# NFT_LaunchPad
The key to unlocking value in all of these crypto-centric opportunities with NFTs is making NFT issuance dead simple for creators. Unlike other NFT marketplaces, the artists and content creators own the brandings and have direct control over the prices of their artworks. With Artemis Vision, artists can enjoy direct control over their digital and experiential artworks. While most of the NFT marketplaces do not allow direct interaction of end-users with creators, Artemis's NFT launchpad allows custom branding and direct relationships to end customers. Further, many creators prefer Artemis’s NFT platform because they do not need to share the stage with other competing NFT drops that may be off- brand. Other NFT marketplaces accept only cryptocurrency payments, while Artemis offers the ability to purchase NFTs with a multitude of payment options including but not limited to debit and credit cards.

In the near future, Artemis Vision will intend to form additional partnerships with iconic brands and leading influencers to power the NFT marketplace and boost the sales of NFTs. We believe there is a huge untapped market for monetizing premium, limited-edition online and offline goods and services through our latest NFT product upgrades to the Artemis NFT marketplace.

The NFT LaunchPad, powered by Artemis Vision, serves as a proven model for artists across the world to gain traction, grow revenue, and secure a foothold in the NFT space. Once the initial onboarding is completed, Artemis's NFT LaunchPad allows the content creators to use its infrastructure and networks as a foundation for other verticals such as music, collectibles, royalty NFTs, and more. Artemis NFT marketplace is the ideal platform for NFT creators and digital artists to sell their precious art and assets to the whole Crypto community. Artemis Vision's launchpad is on the goal to make the sale and purchase of NFTs more convenient and professional than ever.
